readme.md, before:

# mirkwood-reader 🌲

Adds CSS to Mirkwood to give it a sleek dark theme.

# Installation / Instructions
Due to security limitations in Firefox, this extension cannot be added permanently to your extensions list because it has not yet been signed. Until then, however, it is possible to add this extension temporarily by following the instructions below:
1. Download the .xpi file in this repository. This file is similar to a .zip file and contains all of the other files found in this repository.
2. Click the Application Menu in the upper right hand corner (three horizontal lines) and select "Settings".
3. On the bottom left-hand corner of Settings, select "Extensions & Themes".
4. On the upper right-hand corner, click the gear icon and select "Debug Add-Ons".
5. In the "This Firefox" menu tab, under the "Temporary Extensions" heading, select "Load Temporary Add-on..."
6. Locate and select the .xpi file previously downloaded.

The extension should then appear with its associated metadata in a table-like format under "Temporary Extensions". Keep in mind that you will have to reload this extension with these same instructions every time you open Firefox.

You can now navigate to mirkwood (or refresh the page if it's already open) and select the Mirkwood Reader Extension under the Extensions pop-up menu to toggle it on or off!

Commit message:

Added note for first-time extension toggle caveat
Mirkwood Reader needs clicked twice before turning on successfully.

readme.md, after:

# mirkwood-reader 🌲

Adds CSS to Mirkwood to give it a sleek dark theme.

# Installation / Instructions
Due to security limitations in Firefox, this extension cannot be added permanently to your extensions list because it has not yet been signed. Until then, however, it is possible to add this extension temporarily by following the instructions below:
1. Download the .xpi file in this repository. This file is similar to a .zip file and contains all of the other files found in this repository.
2. Click the Application Menu in the upper right hand corner (three horizontal lines) and select "Settings".
3. On the bottom left-hand corner of Settings, select "Extensions & Themes".
4. On the upper right-hand corner, click the gear icon and select "Debug Add-Ons".
5. In the "This Firefox" menu tab, under the "Temporary Extensions" heading, select "Load Temporary Add-on..."
6. Locate and select the .xpi file previously downloaded.

The extension should then appear with its associated metadata in a table-like format under "Temporary Extensions". Keep in mind that you will have to reload this extension with these same instructions every time you open Firefox.

You can now navigate to mirkwood (or refresh the page if it's already open) and select the Mirkwood Reader Extension under the Extensions pop-up menu to toggle it on or off! **NOTE: You may have to select the extension more than once to turn it on the first time!**
